Costco Hearing Aids Lab Reviewed by Audiologists (2026)

We independently review each item we recommend and appreciate your trust and support. When you buy through our links, we may earn a commission. Learn More

Editorial

# Costco Hearing Aids in 2026 - Models, Features, Prices, and Reviews

Costco uses its volume buying and distribution clout to offer lower prices for hearing aids than many private hearing aid practices.

Author + Editor in ChiefKarl Strom

Audiology Review + Fact CheckAbram Bailey, AuD

Updated on Mar 18, 2026· How we test

Our expert team selects and tests products rigorously. We may earn commissions if you buy through our links. Here's how we keep reviews independent.

Quick Verdict

## The 2026 Shortlist

Updated 2026 • 95+ Models Tested

Our Top Picks

Top PickBest Costco Hearing Aid

Rexton Reach

Top lab scores at Costco, with industry-leading 39-hour battery life.

Expert Rating

4.6/5

From $1,599 / pair

Dedicated AI Chip

Jabra Enhance Pro 30

Costco's only hearing aid with a dedicated AI chip for noise reduction.

From $1,699 / pair

Best OTC Hearing Aid (online only)

Lexie Powered by Bose B2 Plus

Self-fitting OTC aid with an in-app hearing test and remote expert support.

Expert Rating

4.2/5

From $999 / pair

Untested Products

We have yet to review the Jabra Enhance Pro 30 and the Sennheiser Sonite R in our lab, but look to our reviews of ReSound Vivia and Phonak Lumity for similar tech from the same parent companies.

Key Considerations

1

Costco's value is real, and so is the care: Costco hearing aids cost roughly 65% less than traditional clinics on average, yet customer satisfaction rates match those of private audiology practices. Every fitting of a prescription hearing aid includes real-ear measurement and lifetime follow-up at no extra charge; a standard many independent providers don't consistently meet.

2

Costco's fitting software has limits: Costco dispensers work within a constrained software environment that locks out certain features available at private clinics. Tinnitus relief programming is one notable example; even on aids whose underlying platform supports it, Costco's software cannot enable it. Buyers with complex hearing needs may be better served by an independent audiologist.

3

OTC hearing aids at Costco are on their own: The Lexie B2 Plus and AirPods Pro 3 are sold through Costco but sit entirely outside the Hearing Center model; no fitting, no real-ear measurement, no in-store follow-up. Support comes from the manufacturers directly. That's fine for straightforward mild-to-moderate loss, but buyers should go in with accurate expectations.

How We Selected The Winners

Lab testing

We test hearing aids in a custom acoustic lab using real-world sound recordings, calibrated speakers, and industry-standard protocols developed with HearAdvisor.

Hands-on wear testing

Each hearing aid is worn for at least a week and evaluated by licensed audiologists for sound quality, comfort, connectivity, and real-world use.

Hearing aid ranking

Prescription and OTC hearing aids sold at Costco are ranked based on their HearingTracker Score or the score of a device built on the same technology platform.

## Our Recommendations

Top PickBest Costco Hearing Aid

From $1,599 / pair| Read full review

4.6/5

Hear SamplesLab Data

The Rexton Reach R-Li T is a premium RIC hearing aid available at Costco for $1,499 a pair. Lab-tested in the top 5% for features and value, it scores above average in speech-in-quiet and noise, offers excellent Bluetooth connectivity, and delivers industry-leading battery life of up to 39 hours per charge.

Why we picked it

- Top lab scores among Costco prescription aids
- 39-hour battery life; best-in-class for a RIC
- Full Bluetooth LE + hands-free calling (iOS and select Android)

Tradeoff: Speech-in-noise performance is above average but falls short of the best prescription hearing aids on the market.

Dedicated AI Chip

Jabra Enhance Pro 30

From $1,699 / pair| Read full review

The Jabra Enhance Pro 30 is Costco's only hearing aid with a dedicated AI chip, combining GN's proven 360 All-Around processor with a Deep Neural Network trained on 12.5 million real-world sound scenarios to sharpen speech and reduce background noise.

Why we picked it

- Only Costco aid with a dedicated AI (DNN) chip
- Auracast-enabled out of the box; no firmware update needed
- Ultra-compact design; world's smallest AI hearing aid

Tradeoff: Engaging the AI noise reduction mode can cut battery life to around 12 hours, and the premium charger case is too bulky to pocket comfortably.

Best OTC Hearing Aid (online only)

Lexie Powered by Bose B2 Plus

From $999 / pair| Read full review

4.2/5

Hear SamplesLab Data

The Lexie B2 Plus is a self-fitting OTC hearing aid priced at $999 a pair for adults with mild to moderate hearing loss. It's rechargeable, streams calls from iPhone and Android, and includes an in-app hearing test that customizes amplification to your unique hearing profile.

Why we picked it

- Top speech-in-quiet score among Costco OTC aids tested
- In-app hearing test for personalized amplification
- 7-day-a-week remote support from Lexie hearing experts

Tradeoff: Online only at Costco, no in-store fitting or support.

Best Earbud Style Hearing Aid

Apple AirPods Pro 3

$250 / pair| Read full review

4.1/5

Hear SamplesLab Data

The Apple AirPods Pro 3 are wireless earbuds with FDA-cleared OTC hearing aid functionality built into Apple’s Hearing Health features. When tuned to an audiogram, they deliver the best speech-in-noise performance of any Costco hearing aid tested, at $249 a pair.

Why we picked it

- Best speech-in-noise score of any Costco aid tested (when audiogram-tuned)
- Lowest price of any hearing aid at Costco ($249)
- Seamless iPhone integration with hands-free calling

Tradeoff: Requires an audiogram for competitive hearing aid performance and an iPhone for setup.

Best Oticon Alternative

Philips HearLink 9050 miniRITE

From $1,599 / pair| Read full review

The Philips HearLink 9050 is a rechargeable RIC hearing aid available at Costco for $1,499 a pair. It runs on Demant's AI Noise Reduction and motion-sensor technology—the same platform behind Oticon Intent—to enhance speech understanding in noisy environments.

Why we picked it

- Built on Oticon Intent platform; top-tier underlying tech
- AI Noise Reduction + motion sensors for automatic environment adaptation
- Auracast-enabled (as of firmware version 1.3.0); hands-free calling on iOS and LE Audio Android

Tradeoff: Despite the underlying Oticon Intent platform's tinnitus capabilities, Costco's programming software cannot enable tinnitus relief features.

Best Phonak Alternative

Sennheiser Sonite R

$1,599 per pair

The Sennheiser Sonite R is a rechargeable RIC hearing aid at Costco for $1,599 a pair, built on Sonova's Phonak Lumity platform. Its "Made for All" Bluetooth connects to virtually any device hands-free, and users report natural, fatigue-free sound across environments.

Why we picked it

- "Made for All" Bluetooth offers widest device compatibility of any Costco aid
- AI-powered automatic scene detection across 7 listening environments
- Strong value: Phonak Lumity-level technology at Costco pricing

Tradeoff: The default charging station has no onboard battery; it must stay plugged in, which limits portability.

Show more

## Compare the Best Hearing Aids at Costco

Top Pick

### Rexton Reach

### Jabra Enhance Pro 30

### Lexie Powered by Bose B2 Plus

### Apple AirPods Pro 3

### Philips HearLink 9050 miniRITE

### Sennheiser Sonite R

| Product |
| --- |
| Our Rating | 4.6/5 | N/A | 4.2/5 | 4.1/5 | N/A | 00 |
| Verdict | Best Costco Hearing Aid | Dedicated AI Chip | Best OTC Hearing Aid (online only) | Best Earbud Style Hearing Aid | Best Oticon Alternative | Best Phonak Alternative |
| Price | From $1,599 / pair | From $1,699 / pair | From $999 / pair | $250 / pair | From $1,599 / pair | $1,599 per pair |
| Hands-Free Calling | — |
| Rechargeable | — |
| iPhone Streaming | — |
| Android Streaming | — |
| Telecoil | — |

Prices and availability are subject to change. We independently review each item we recommend and appreciate your trust and support. When you buy through our links, we may earn a commission.

The ever recognizable Costco store front.

Costco’s hearing aid centers have been one of the biggest success stories in the hearing aid industry over the past decade. From 2011 to 2017, sales at Costco hearing centers grew at approximately 20% per year, and Costco has now emerged as the nation's leading hearing aid retailer, making up about 16% of the US retail market in 2025. That suggests only the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) dispenses more hearing aids in the United States.

In addition to offering the convenience of buying your hearing aids and having them serviced at a store you visit frequently, Costco uses its volume buying and distribution clout to offer lower prices for hearing aids than many private hearing aid practices. But remember, you have to join as a regular Costco Wholesale warehouse club member to buy and get service from its hearing aid centers. Memberships start at $65 per year.

## How much do Costco hearing aids cost?

In 2026, Costco sells four main brands of hearing aids, with prices ranging from $980 to $1,700 per pair:

- Rexton Reach - $1,499.99 per pair
- Philips HearLink - $1,599.99 per pair
- Jabra Enhance Pro 30 - $1,699.99 per pair
- Sennheiser Sonite R- $1,599 per pair

Costco also sells two OTC hearing aids:

- Apple AirPods Pro 2 / 3- $179.99 / $249.99 per pair (in store and online)
- Lexie B2 Plus - $980 per pair (online OTC only)

Before you head to the store, find out how Costco's hearing aids performed in our standardized lab tests and hands-on reviews by certified audiologists by clicking on the above links.

## The best Costco value: Rexton Reach R-Li T

In August 2024, Rexton introduced its Reach R-Li T to Costco stores, a rechargeable Bluetooth receiver-in-the-canal (RIC) hearing aid. It's powered with Multi-Voice Focus technology, designed to make every voice in a conversation clear and recognizable. In our lab, the Rexton Reach R-Li T80 convinced with excellent speech-in-quiet (4.1 out of 5 points) and strong speech-in-noise (2.4/5) performance. Outside Costco, the Rexton Reach is the most affordable prescription hearing aid.

Score

0.0

Rexton Reach

Best Costco Hearing AidRexton Reach

From$1,599/ pair

The Rexton Reach R-Li T is a premium receiver-in-canal (RIC) hearing aid, now available at Costco for $1,499 per pair. Given its premium features, outstanding battery life, and strong Bluetooth connectivity, it delivers excellent value for the money.

### Key Features

### Expert Review

Build Quality

4.9

Battery

4.4

Bluetooth

5.0

Show All Ratings

Rexton Reach

The new Reach hearing aid line builds on Rexton's BiCore technology—which splits speech into two separate processing tracks—to now feature four focus tracks or beams. Reach uses its the company's Multi-Voice Focus technology to scan the soundscape 1000 times per second, monitoring the changing positions of speakers and their voice volumes. It then boosts the prominence of those speaking—all without switching modes or processing delays.

Rexton Reach R-Li T.

Reach, like all of Rexton's products, boasts a reliable, durable design with an Ingress Protection (IP) rating of IP68—the highest possible moisture and debris resistance for a hearing aid—that guards against the splashes, dirt, and scratches of everyday life.

The Reach R-Li T RIC has an impressive battery life of 39 hours per charge or 34 hours with 5 hours of streaming—the longest for a rechargeable RIC outside the Signia IX line.

The Rexton Reach hearing aid is reviewed by Audiologist Matthew Allsop. Closed captions are available on this video. If you are using a mobile phone, please enable captions clicking on the gear icon.

### About Rexton

Rexton is a major brand of the world's third-largest hearing aid manufacturing group, WS Audiology (WSA). Much of its technology is shared with that of its sister company, Signia, and the Reach R LI T RIC has a resemblance to the Signia Pure IX RIC. Reach hearing aids offer Bluetooth wireless connectivity to both Apple iOS and Android devices, and the new product line is also future-proof, needing only a straightforward firmware update to offer the new Auracast broadcasting technology.

## Jabra Enhance Pro 30 with dedicated AI chip

Two Jabra Enhance Pro 30 receiver-in-ear (RIE) hearing aid models were introduced at Costco in May 2025, replacing the Jabra Enhance Pro 20 RIEs. Their current cost is $1,699 ($100 more than the Pro 20s), making them the most expensive hearing aids at Costco—but also the first and only ones with a dedicated artificial intelligence (AI) chip. The Jabra Enhance Pro 30 is similar to ReSound Vivia’s top-end (tech level 9) model, technology also shared with Beltone Envision. These devices have a dual-chip architecture that combines parent company GN’s 360 All-Around chip with a brand-new Deep Neural Network (DNN) chip.

Like the Pro 20s, which are based on the slightly older ReSound Nexia, Jabra Enhance Pro 30s benefit from the 360 All-Around chip with directional Front Focus, providing better understanding of speech in noise and automatic adjustments that optimize program settings in dynamic sound environments. They also feature impulse noise reduction to protect against annoying sudden sounds and an advanced Music Mode.

The standout AI feature of the Jabra Pro 30 is its Intelligent Focus technology, which utilizes the DNN chip trained on 12.5 million real-world sound scenarios, with the goal of accentuating speech and filtering background noise. This enables clearer conversations, even in challenging listening situations, with increased comfort and reduced listening effort in various environments.

Dedicated AI ChipJabra Enhance Pro 30

From$1,699/ pair

Jabra Enhance Pro 30 are Jabra's latest AI-driven hearing aids, offered exclusively through Costco Hearing Centers, priced at $1,699 per pair.

### Key Features

More recently, Jabra Enhance Pro 30 has added a CROS / BiCROS option for people with hearing in only one ear (i.e., unilateral hearing loss or single-sided deafness). The company has also added its Jabra Enhance Max Super Power BTE for people with severe-to-profound hearing loss—the smallest rechargeable super-power aid on the market.

The Jabra Enhance Pro 30 line builds upon the uniquely advanced Bluetooth LE Audio capabilities introduced in the Pro 20. They offer hands-free operation for iPhones (iOS v11 or later) and for an increasing number of Samsung and Google Pixel phones (check the Jabra Enhance Pro compatibility page for details).

While some other hearing aids can rightfully claim they’re “Auracast-ready” (meaning they’re a firmware update away from use with Auracast), the Pro 20 and Pro 30s are the only truly “Auracast-ready-now” hearing aids sold at Costco. Through the Jabra Enhance Pro app, users can discover and connect with available Auracast broadcasts, thereby enhancing accessibility in public spaces, although these venues are still scarce.

The rechargeable Jabra Enhance Pro 30 offers a battery life of up to 30 hours per charge, which is sufficient to ensure dependable performance throughout the day. It comes with a Premium Charger that provides three extra charges for on-the-go use. Although not a deal-breaker, this charger fits, but is a bit bulky, for keeping in your pocket.

Additionally, we'll note the Pro 20 and ReSound Vivia performed slightly weaker for speech-in-quiet (3.9-4.0/5) and had the weakest speech-in-noise benefits (1.3/5) among all Costco hearing aids we've tested so far. Since the Pro 30 is brand new, we have not yet had the opportunity to test it, but we hope to do so soon. Stay tuned.

HearingTracker Audiologist Matthew Allsop reviews the Jabra Enhance Pro 20. The Jabra Enhance Pro 30 uses same 360 All-Around chip as the Pro 20 for its core processing and directionality, while adding the new DNN chip that brings with it the Intelligent Focus technology. Closed captions are available on this video. If you are using a mobile phone, please enable captions clicking on the gear icon.

Another impressive quality of the Jabra Enhance Pro 30 is its compact size, especially given its battery life; the Pro 30 MicroRIEs are the smallest receiver-in-canal (RIC/RIE) hearing aids on the market.

Jabra Enhance Pro 30 is available in two RIE models: the microRIE 60S rechargeable and the Micro RIE 62, with the latter being slightly larger and the only RIE-style aid at Costco that uses a disposable (size 13) battery. The RIE 62 features a telecoil, enabling access to both Auracast and induction loop broadcast systems, which are more widely available.

Although the Jabra Pro 30 replaces the Pro 20 RIE models, the Pro 20 technology is still available at Costco in behind-the-ear (BTE) styles (including a power model for more severe hearing losses) and in more discreet in-the-ear and in-the-canal (ITE/ITE) rechargeable and disposable battery models, as well as a completely-in-canal (CIC) model that uses a size 10A battery.

The Pro 30 can be controlled via an onboard button or the Jabra Enhance Pro app. The microRIE 60S rechargeable also features tap controls for accepting/ending phone calls, and volume and program changes.

Along with the push-button controls on the hearing aid, the app allows you to control the hearing aids from compatible Android phones, iPhones, or even Apple Watch. The app also offers two convenient ways to connect with your hearing care professional: 1) Live Assist gives you face-to-face video on your phone, similar to a FaceTime or Zoom conference, and 2) You can request adjustments to your hearing aids via remote fine-tuning.

The Jabra Enhance Pro product line has wireless accessories like remote microphones and a TV streamer (left). The Enhance Pro app (right) allows for control of the hearing aids and options for remote adjustments and video calls with the hearing care professional.

In addition to its professionally dispensed Pro line at Costco, GN also offers its Jabra Enhance Select through its online retail website and the Jabra Enhance Select 50R OTC hearing aids in outlets like Best Buy, Walmart, and Amazon. HearingTracker summarizes the company's complete offerings on the Jabra Enhance Hearing Aids brand page.

## Best OTC hearing aid: Lexie B2 Plus

Lexie B2 Plus Powered by Bose hearing aids are currently the only RIC OTC hearing aids offered by Costco. However, they're available online only. Lexie hearing aids are advertised on Costco's website for $980, which is a $20 discount compared to Lexie's regular price.

The B2 offers the best speech-in-quiet benefits (4.3/5) of all Costco hearing aids we've tested so far, and it's speech-in-noise performance (2.0/5) is almost as good as the Rexton Reach.

Important note: Unlike the prescription hearing aids sold in its Hearing Centers, Costco does not provide in-store support for the OTC hearing aids. However, Lexie offers extensive online tele-health support from its own staff of hearing health professionals.

Score

0.0

Lexie Powered by Bose

Best OTC Hearing Aid (online only)Lexie Powered by Bose

From$999/ pair

The Lexie B2 Plus Powered by Bose is an over-the-counter, self-fitting hearing aid priced at $999 per pair, designed for adults with mild to moderate hearing loss. This rechargeable device offers iPhone and Android call streaming, a new recharging case, and an in-app hearing test for personalized sound customization.

### Ideal for

### Key Features

### Expert Review

Build Quality

4.6

Battery

4.0

Bluetooth

3.0

Show All Ratings

Lexie Powered by Bose

When you click the "View product details" button above, you can see HearAdvisor's independent lab assessment of the Lexie B2 Plus hearing aid. B2 Plus hearing aids are self-fitting and self-tuning, with an app that includes a hearing test and customization so you can hear better in a variety of settings. They are rechargeable, providing up to 18 hours of use per charge, and multiple sizes of eartips are included. HearAdvisor ranks them as one of the top-4 OTC hearing aids, earning the B2 Plus the lab's Expert Choice Award.

Lexie B2 Plus wearers can use their aids to conduct phone calls with Apple iOS and compatible Android (ASHA-compliant) phones. Others will be able to receive voice audio from their Android phones, but they'll still need to speak into the receiver to be heard by the person on the line. You can stream music, podcasts, etc., from an iOS device—but not Android—but Lexie makes it clear that the B2 Plus is not optimized for streamed sound quality (despite the Bose name!).

The B2 Plus offers good sound quality, on-device volume control, directional microphones, noise reduction, and smartphone app control to customize the device for individual users.

HearingTracker Audiologist Matthew Allsop reviews the Lexie B2 Powered by Bose OTC hearing aid. Closed captions are available on this video. If you are using a mobile phone, please enable captions clicking on the gear icon.

## Best earbud hearing aid: Apple AirPods Pro 3

Even though it's primarily a pair of earbuds, the Apple AirPods Pro 3 has a software feature that essentially makes it an FDA-approved OTC hearing aid. With personalized hearing profiles, conversation boost, and seamless iPhone integration, this set of earbuds provides an accessible, tech-forward option for everyday hearing support. Priced at $249.99 at Costco, it's by far the most affordable option, offering incredible value. And it performs better than many traditional-looking OTC hearing aids.

Score

0.0

Apple AirPods Pro 3

Best Earbud Style Hearing AidApple AirPods Pro 3

$250

The Apple AirPods Pro 3 are wireless earbuds that offer hearing aid functionality. Our tests show they effectively amplify speech in everyday situations. While background noise can be challenging, proper tuning and reducing ambient noise reduction pushes the AirPods Pro 3 closer to being a truly competitive OTC hearing aid.

### Ideal for

### Key Features

### Expert Review

Build Quality

4.8

Battery

4.6

Bluetooth

5.0

Show All Ratings

Apple AirPods Pro 3

While the AirPods Pro 3 does have the weakest speech-in-quiet (3.5/5) performance among our tested Costco hearing aids, it's not far off (best: 4.1/5). What's more, its speech-in-noise performance (2.7/5) is better than any other Costco hearing aid we've tested, including the Rexton Reach. However, it only achieves these performance scores when fine-tuned based on an audiogram.

What's more the AirPods Pro 3's earbud-first design brings its own challenges, including a short battery life of around eight hours per charge, a very visible form factor, which may also be uncomfortable to wear for hours on end, and you need an iOS device to set up and adjust the hearing benefits.

Costco also still sells the Apple AirPods Pro 2, which is even more affordable, but comes with a slightly shorter battery life (six hours per charge) and, using the app-based setup, shows weaker performance in background noise and quiet settings than the AirPods Pro 3. However, when fine-tuned based on an audiogram, the Pro 2 performs almost as well as the Pro 3 in busy environments and even surpasses it in quiet surroundings.

Note: Like the Lexie B2 Plus, the AirPods Pro 2 and 3 aren't offered through Costco's Hearing Centers and there is no in-store support. Technical support is available through Apple's customer service.

## Other hearing aids available at Costco

Costco hearing aids come in all form factors, including open-fit behind-the-ear (BTE), custom BTE, receiver-in-the-canal (RIC), and custom in-the-ear (ITE). Wireless accessories are also available, such as the popular audio transmitters that broadcast audio directly to your hearing aids for assistance hearing in background noise. Accessories cost extra, as do earmolds for custom in-the-ear styles.

### Rexton Reach inoX-CIC Li 80

For those looking for an almost invisible rechargeable option, there is the Rexton Reach inoX-CIC Li 80. This instant-fit hearing aid has soft silicone ear tips (no custom ear impressions needed) and provides up to 28 hours of battery life. With a design similar to the Signia Silk IX and the Sony CRE-C20, it offers wireless control of the aid via the Rexton app but lacks Bluetooth streaming due to its small size.

Rexton Reach inoX-CIC Li instant-fit hearing aids.

### Rexton BiCore

Costco Hearing Centers also offer Rexton BiCore hearing aids, which resemble the Signia Pure AX. But while Signia models usually cost from $3,000 to more than $5,000+ per pair at other clinics and outlets, Rexton Reach and BiCore hearing aids at Costco start at around $1,499.99 a pair.

BiCore R-Li, is equipped with Rexton’s Speech Preservation Technology, ultra-fast synchronization (BiCore), an optional telecoil (T), and a analog-to-digital converter that supports audio input of up to 117 dB, meaning it can handle loud sounds without distortion.

Both Rexton BiCore and M-Core hearing aids feature rechargeability and wireless technology, including Made-for-iPhone connectivity, direct Bluetooth streaming to ASHA-enabled Android phones, and wireless accessories. These hearing aids—which were among the first to use onboard motion sensors for detecting your movements in real-time—automatically recognize and adapt to different hearing situations.

Note: Although several hearing-related websites report that Costco offers Rexton's slim-line RIC model, which is similar to the Signia Styletto, this is not the case.

#### Rexton hearing aid accessories

Rexton hearing aids can also connect to TVs and other Bluetooth-enabled devices via accessories. The Rexton Smart Transmitter 2.4 streams TV wirelessly to both hearing aids, the Rexton Smart Mic provides hands-free streaming of phone calls and media, and the Rexton Smart Key is a small remote control that can be carried in your pocket.

Rexton's Smart TV Transmitter, Smart Mic, and Smart Key remote control (not shown to size).

The Rexton App lets you use your smartphone as a remote controller to adjust hearing aid volume and program settings, and to manage connections with Bluetooth devices.

### Philips HearLink hearing aids at Costco

The HearLink 9050 miniRITE(HearLink 50) is Philip's latest flagship rechargeable Bluetooth Receiver-in-the-Ear (RITE, same as RIC) model. We haven't tested the Philips HearLink's sound performance in the lab, but it is based on the technology found in Oticon Intent, which remains one of the best hearing aids. While Costco prices the HearLink hearing aids starting at $1,599 a pair, the Oticon products available from independent providers cost more than $5,000 a pair, according to HearingTracker's latest product data.

Best Oticon AlternativePhilips HearLink 9050

From$1,599/ pair

The Philips HearLink 9050 hearing aids, available at Costco for $1,499 per pair, are advanced rechargeable Bluetooth devices that utilize artificial intelligence and motion sensors to enhance speech understanding in noisy environments.

### Ideal for

Noisy Environments Tinnitus Relief

### Key Features

As shown in the photo below, the HearLink 9040 (HearLink 40) series has a slightly shorter but thicker redesigned exterior than the HearLink 50. Additionally, the HearLink 50 has a new chip that employs enhanced artificial intelligence in addition to motion sensors that give it tap controls. The Philips HearLink 50's SoundMap 3 sound processing software uses Demant's AI Noise Reduction (AR-NR) and advanced directionality to remove noise and prioritize speech in noisy environments. Along with the motion sensors, this allows the hearing aids to recognize and adjust to different sound environments better, so speech is easier to understand—particularly in noisy environments.

Philips HearLink 50 miniRITE, HearLink 40 miniRITE, and HearLink 40 miniBTE.

Connectivity has also been reconfigured in HearLink 50 using Philips' SoundTie 3, which employs the latest Bluetooth LE Audio technology, making these devices Auracast-enabled (as of firmware version 1.3.0). Streaming music, phone calls, and other audio is facilitated by better links in the streaming pathway to Apple iOS, compatible Android devices, and Windows PCs. Hands-free calls can be made with both iOS and now Android phones with LE Audio. It also features a built-in telecoil and seven color options.

HearingTracker Audiologist gives you an overview of Costco's Philips HearLink 9050 hearing aids.

Costco's high-performance HearLink 9040 (40) hearing aids, based on Oticon Real technology, come in six colors and four different styles, including a rechargeable mini RITE and mini Behind-the-Ear (BTE) hearing aid or a version that uses a size 312 disposable battery.

With the SoundProtect feature, HearLink 9040 and 9050 aids are designed to automatically reduce unwanted sudden loud noises, as well as the impact of wind and handling noise—like when you put on or adjust the device, or have a cap or scarf rub against it.

HearLink models are Made for iPhone (MFi), providing wireless hands-free audio streaming from your iPhone, iPad, and iPod, and support direct Android audio streaming through Android ASHA (for Android, you hear the conversation through the hearing aids but must talk into the phone receiver to be heard by the other party). Some newer Android phones that use Bluetooth LE Audio may also provide hands-free calling (check Philips' compatibility guide or ask your provider). They also feature multichannel directional microphones and active noise management responding to changes in your listening environment.

With SoundMap 2 (9040) and SoundMap 3 (9050), Philips HearLink hearing aids also benefit from Demant’s “AI Sound” and “BrainHearing” technologies and are designed to improve your ability to understand speech in noisy settings. SoundMap 2 removes noise efficiently across 24 frequency bands to “create a superb sound quality,” while SoundMap 3 uses AI-Noise Reduction to enhance speech understanding in difficult listening situations.

HearingTracker Audiologist Matthew Allsop provides a comprehensive overview of the Philips 9040 hearing aids in this video. Closed captions are available on this video. If you are using a mobile phone, please enable captions clicking on the gear icon.

Custom in-ear products are available in the Philips HearLink 9030 line and include In-the-Ear (ITE), In-the-Canal (ITC), Completely-in-Canal (CIC), and Invisible-in-Canal (IIC) models. The HearLink 9030 is often compared to Demant’s Bernafon Alpha hearing aids; some have even speculated that the Alpha wasn’t released in the USA due to being rebranded as a Philips product—and Alpha was often compared to Oticon More. The bottom line is Philips hearing aids borrow heavily from world-class Oticon and Bernafon hearing technology.

The HearLink 2 app lets you use your smartphone to change listening programs, adjust volume, mute your hearing aids, activate streaming functions, and even locate your hearing aids when they are lost. It also enables remote fitting so you can receive programming adjustments outside the clinic.

HearLink rechargeable hearing aids now come with the Premium charger, which has an internal battery that provides 3 extra charges for use on the go. The aids also have a telecoil and are IP68 rated, which is the "gold standard" for hearing aid dust and moisture protection.

Costco Hearing Centers offer wireless accessories, including a Philips AudioClip that streams calls from your Bluetooth-enabled Android smartphone to your hearing aids; a Philips TV adapter that transmits wireless audio directly from the TV to your hearing aids; and a Philips Remote Control which can be used to control volume and program settings and is small enough to carry in your pocket or purse.

#### About Philips and Demant

Demant is one of the world's top five hearing aid manufacturers, and its Oticon Intent, Oticon Real, Oticon More, and Oticon Own hearing aids are among the best in the world.

When Demant forged a partnership with Philips in the spring of 2019 to produce HearLink hearing aids under the Philips brand, people wondered how the global consumer electronics giant would distribute the high-end products. They quickly got their answer when Costco started to sell Philips HearLink hearing aids in its hearing aid centers.

The Philips HearLink hearing aids take advantage of Demant's advanced technologies and come in a range of styles and feature sets.

#### Which Costco hearing aid should you buy?

The competition is hot for the best Costco hearing aid of 2026. In the following video, HearingTracker audiologist Matthew Allsop gives you his perspectives on the pros and cons of the latest Jabra, Philips, and Rexton prescription hearing aids available at Costco.

Audiologist Matthew Allsop compares and contrasts all prescription hearing aids sold by Costco in 2025. Closed captions are available on this video. If you are using a mobile phone, please enable captions clicking on the gear icon.

### Sennheiser Sonite R hearing aids from Costco

The Sennheiser Sonite R receiver-in-canal (RIC) hearing aid was rolled out to about 100 of its U.S. hearing aid centers in October-2024, and should make its way into most if not all Costco stores by the end of 2025.

Sennheiser Sonite R, offered for $1,599, is a rechargeable RIC hearing aid that offers exceptional speech-in-noise capabilities and provides up to 18 hours of use on a single 3-hour charge. Its automatic features are AI-powered and can identify sound and use adaptive noise reduction to give users an exceptional listening experience. It features Narrow Speech Focus 2.0 binaural directional beamforming and a Speech Manager that detects the primary speaker's direction and boosts the signal accordingly. This gives it broad automatic control over seven different types of listening situations, including echo, car, loud noises, music, comfort, noise, and quiet. The hearing aids come in three different color options.

Sonite R features Sonova's unique "Made for All” Classic Bluetooth 4.2 streaming technology that allows any Bluetooth-compatible device to stream audio—including the capability for hands-free phone calling—directly to up to 8 enabled devices, including two simultaneous active connections. This makes it a particularly good choice for Android-phone users.

A standard charging station, which must be plugged into a power source to charge the devices, is included. You can control the aids using the rocker-switch buttons on the body of the devices, the Sennheiser app, or by tap control.

HearingTracker Audiologist Matthew Allsop provides an overview of the Sennhesier Sonite R hearing aid offered by select Costco Hearing Centers.

The Sennheiser TV Connector is a very useful accessory that streams audio from the TV directly to your hearing aids. It was offered for $99, but according to the Costco website and our Forum posts at the time of this update, it appears to be free with the purchase of Sonite R at this writing (we recommend asking the provider if accessories are included in the bundle at that location).

Regarding technology, Sonite R appears to most closely resemble Phonak's previous-generation Lumity hearing aids, rather than their newest Phonak Audéo Infinio or Sphere Infinio product family. This makes it quite unique (and not necessarily in a good way): Costco traditionally offers only "the latest and greatest" brands from the major global manufacturers. However, for reference, Lumity (released in 2022) is still an excellent hearing aid that sits in the top-25% of all prescription hearing aids tested by the independent HearAdvisor lab.

#### About Sennheiser and Sonova

Sennheiser is a brand in the Sonova Group, the world's largest hearing aid manufacturer and the parent company of Phonak and Unitron. Sonova had previously made Costco's Kirkland Signature line (KS9 and KS10) hearing aids until what appears to be a dispute over a rechargeability issue caused Costco to discontinue the KS10 in October 2022 (more details at the end of this article).

Since Sonova is a major player in hearing healthcare technology, its exit created a gap in Costco's offerings. Although it appears that the Sonova or Phonak brand names will not return to Costco anytime soon, Costco patrons should be pleased to see Sonova's technology reappear as a hearing aid option under the Sennheiser brand.

## Will Costco soon offer a new hearing aid?

SoundGear AMP hearing aids (manufactured by Starkey) are now being offered at roughly 100 Costco Hearing Aid Centers in a limited pilot program, according to multiple HearingTracker sources at Costco and contributors to our Costco Hearing Aids Facebook Members Group. The pilot includes several SoundGear AMP styles (including rechargeable RIC/ITC/CIC options and some replaceable-battery models) and select wireless accessories. Availability and pricing may vary by location; we’ve reached out to Costco and Starkey for confirmation and comment.

## Still undecided? Here's a summary of your Costco hearing aid options

Matthew Allsop has assembled a compilation of video clips that effectively summarize the key features of the Rexton, Jabra Enhance Pro, Philips 9050, and Sennheiser Sonite hearing aids.

## Things to consider when you shop for Costco hearing aids

Buying hearing aids can be very confusing, especially if you’ve never worn them before. There will be plenty of options to consider, even after you’ve chosen a brand and general feature set that you’re comfortable with. Your overall costs will vary depending on which models, features, and accessories you buy. Here are a few things to ask about at Costco:

- Price: The Costco website lists “starting at” prices for most of its prescription hearing aids, but pay close attention to the fine print. Most price listings have notes at the bottom of the page that say “Prices may vary by state.” And different model versions with varying optional features, such as rechargeable batteries, may also carry different prices. For instance, a custom hearing aid model requiring an ear mold impression usually costs about $100 more than the same hearing aid with an open-fit design. You will also pay extra for accessories.
- Warranties: The purchase price of all Costco prescription hearing aids includes a standard three-year warranty covering any repairs that may be required, including replacement of your hearing aid if necessary. They also come with a two-year loss-and-damage warranty, with no deductible cost, to replace up to one hearing aid per ear during the warranty period. Those warranties are as good as those offered by most name-brand hearing aid makers, if not better. Costco says the warranties are one of the benefits you get from your Costco Wholesale membership.
- Batteries: Disposable hearing aid batteries can cost a hundred dollars a year or more. Costco will send you home with new batteries in your hearing aids, but no extras. However, you can buy a 40-pack of Varta zinc-air disposable hearing aid batteries at Costco for $8.29, which is a great deal compared with what you pay for batteries at CVS or Walgreens.
- Accessories: Remote microphones, TV audio streamers, remote controllers and other accessories are available with most of the hearing aids Costco offers. Prices for the accessories can vary, so be sure to find out the total cost of your purchase including any options you may want.
- Smartphone apps: Most hearing aids now come with dedicated smartphone apps that can be downloaded for free from the manufacturers’ website or from an app store. The apps can be used to change volume, switch program settings, manage accessory connections, and control the hearing aids in other ways. And if your hearing aids are Bluetooth-compatible, the apps will help you pair your hearing aids with compatible devices.
- Custom earmolds: Although it's quite common to be prescribed hearing aids with standard silicon eartips, your Costco hearing provider may recommend custom earmolds for an added price (typically about $40 per ear). If this is the case, we strongly recommend paying the extra money. Custom earmolds/tips can make all the difference is how the hearing aid performs and usually they're a small price to pay for the benefit you can get from them.

What’s the net when considering Costco for your hearing aids? Even with costs for extras, you can expect to pay less than at a private audiology practice. You can also expect to get ongoing service and support from licensed hearing aid professionals. And you can expect a good selection of high-performance products with plenty of accessories and connectivity options.

But if you’re in the market for the latest and greatest premium models from the top hearing aid brands, or if you want personal attention from a doctor of audiology, an independent provider may be better suited to your needs.

## What’s Costco’s secret?

Costco's secret sauce is the combination of low, low prices for high-quality name-brand prescription hearing aids and consistently good service in its hearing centers. Costco stays ahead of the pack by performing sound verification on every hearing aid fitted (common at top-quality hearing clinics) and by offering competitive return policies and product warranties.

If you’re holding back from getting help due to hearing aid sticker shock, read on to determine if Costco is right for you. Costco is a great option for many, but there are some people who are not as well-suited to the sales model.

## How affordable are Costco's hearing aids really?

According to HearingTracker's recent survey on the cost of hearing aids, Costco hearing aids average $1,674 per pair—roughly 65% less than the $4,727 typical of traditional clinics and less than half the $3,601 average at local audiology practices. Despite these dramatic savings, Costco carries modern technology from four major manufacturers: Philips ($1,696 average), Jabra ($1,552), Rexton ($1,566), and Sennheiser ($1,442). All are priced between $1,442-$1,700 per pair, far below the $3,500-$4,500 typical of premium brands at traditional clinics.

At the same time, customer satisfaction at Costco matches traditional clinics: 79% are satisfied and 77% find their aids helpful daily, comparable to the 77-82% satisfaction rates across other purchasing channels. What stands out is Costco's exceptional provider recommendation rate: 90% would recommend their Costco provider versus just 79% at traditional clinics, likely reflecting both the low-pressure sales environment and strong value perception (85% rated value as good/excellent versus 59% at traditional clinics).

## Lower prices may come with tradeoffs

Costco uses its volume buying and distribution clout to offer lower prices for hearing aids than most national chains and private hearing aid practices. It also has substantial advantages when it comes to not having to shoulder the same marketing and overhead costs as private practices or clinics—enabling Costco to discount hearing aids steeply. For example, Costco employs a shop-in-shop model, which minimizes overheads like rent vs. traditional brick-and-mortar clinics.

Apples-to-apples price comparisons can be difficult, but for many comparable quality hearing aids, you can easily save $1,000 or more buying from Costco instead of an independent provider. (In the Costco examples below, we've linked to pages that give average prices for comparable models sold by independent providers.)

At the same time, however, bear in mind that the lower prices come with some important tradeoffs:

- You have to join as a regular Costco Wholesale warehouse club member, starting at $65 per year, to buy and get service from its hearing aid centers.
- Although wait times for an appointment are not unusual for many hearing centers, some Costco Hearing Centers are very busy. You can usually schedule an appointment for an initial fitting within 2-4 weeks, but we've heard reports of several months for some busier locations and times of year.
- Costco generally doesn’t always carry the latest and greatest versions of name-brand hearing aids, because manufacturers usually provide them first to private audiology practices.
- While Costco generally gets decent grades for dependable service, it’s less likely you’ll have your hearing aids fitted by a doctor of audiology than by a state-licensed hearing aid dispenser with fewer years of schooling.
- Although Costco lists “starting-at” prices for the three brands of hearing aids it offers, it cautions that prices can vary by state.
- Prices also vary by the model you order and additional services you may require. A visit to your local Costco store will give you exact pricing for the models that interest you.

Two additional notes:

1. Costco dispensers generally don’t have as much time for patients or “skin in the game” as might a typical owner or partner in a private practice.
2. The “Costco dispensing model” is geared more toward higher volume than comprehensive hearing care.

People with more complex or severe hearing losses will benefit from the specialized diagnostics and individualized attention (i.e., numerous follow-up visits, assistive technologies, aural rehab, tinnitus treatments, etc.) offered by private practices and clinics.

## In-store service

Despite the tradeoffs, loyal Costco customers appreciate a selling model geared toward customer convenience. You can make an appointment to schedule a free hearing test at one of Costco’s fully equipped hearing centers, typically staffed by a state-licensed hearing aid dispenser or (less commonly) an audiologist. Because your provider works on salary, not commission, you won't have to worry much about a high-pressure sales pitch.

Costco is known for consistent design and layout across its network of international 849 bulk-buy warehouses. This Costco Hearing Aid Center in New Zealand looks identical to the Centers in the United States, and sells the same hearing aid models.

Having stated the above, Costco generally represents good value and hearing care. And if you’re worried that your test will be compromised by the din of shoppers in Costco’s large warehouse space, don’t be. Each hearing center has a sound-proofed booth designed to provide optimal conditions for hearing tests.

Here's what to expect:

- The initial hearing evaluation takes about one-and-a-half hours. After filling out a four-page intake form describing your general health, your self-perceived hearing status, and your previous experience with hearing aids (if any), you’ll take a hearing test in the sound booth. Your provider will administer the test and recommend the hearing aids that best suit your hearing needs.
- The hearing test is free—you can take a copy of the test home with you—and you only pay when you place an order for new hearing aids. And if you need to be fitted with a custom earmold or in-the-ear style hearing aid, the provider will take molds of your ears using earmold impression material. These will be used to manufacture your hearing aids.
- When your hearing aids are ready, you’ll return for a fitting appointment, where your new hearing aids will be programmed to your personal hearing-loss profile using real-ear measurements. Costco offers extended free follow-up appointments for the lifetime of the hearing aids, free hearing-aid cleanings, free check-ups, and free programming adjustments.
- Costco hearing aids come with a 6-month trial period which, as far as we know, is the longest trial period available in hearing care.

The purchase price of all hearing aids includes standard 3-year manufacturers' warranties covering any repairs that may be required, including replacement of your hearing aid if necessary. And Costco offers a 2-year loss-and-damage warranty, with no deductible cost, to replace up to one hearing aid per ear during the warranty period.

### Frequently Asked Questions

### Does Costco do hearing tests?

Yes, Costco offers free hearing tests at most of its warehouse locations that have a Hearing Aid Center. These tests are conducted by licensed hearing aid specialists or audiologists, depending on the location.

### How much does a hearing test cost at Costco?

A hearing test at Costco is free of charge for Costco members. You do not have to pay anything for the hearing evaluation itself, but you must be a Costco member to access this service.

### Do you need an appointment for a hearing test at Costco?

Yes, you typically need to schedule an appointment for a hearing test at a Costco Hearing Aid Center. While some locations may accept walk-ins, availability can be limited, and it's generally recommended to book in advance to ensure you receive timely service.

You might get a hearing test appointment within a few days, but at busy Costco locations it can take up to four weeks until your first consultation. To make an appointment, contact your local Costco Hearing Aid Center.

### How long does it take to get hearing aids from Costco?

The time it takes to receive hearing aids from Costco can vary based on the type of device and your location. For standard hearing aids, the typical timeline for receiving your hearing aids is one to two weeks after completing a hearing test. For custom-molded hearing aids, it may take up to three weeks for the hearing aids to arrive.

### Are Costco's prescription hearing aids locked?

Prior to 2022, Costco hearing aids were "locked," meaning no other hearing care provider outside of Costco Hearing Centers could reprogram or adjust them—other hearing providers were locked out from helping. This is no longer the case. As long as a provider has the hearing aid fitting software for that particular brand, they should be able to make adjustments and service the devices (Note: If they agree to this, they will charge you for their time and services). As a side note, the Lucid hearing aids offered by Sam's Club—Costco Hearing Centers' primary big-box competitor—are locked and can be adjusted only by a Lucid-certified provider (i.e., usually only at Sam's Clubs).

### Does Costco sell over-the-counter (OTC) hearing aids?

Costco offers a variety of prescription hearing aids from top brands like Jabra, Philips, Rexton, and in select stores, Sennheiser. These hearing aids represent a chance to buy advanced technology at lower prices than traditional hearing clinics.

Costco also sells the Lexie B2 Powered by Bose, an over-the-counter (OTC) hearing aid. Priced at $980 and available online or in the store, the hearing aids are less expensive than the prescription options, but don't come with the professional support offered by the in-store Costco hearing centers. Customers instead depend on Lexie's do-it-yourself self-fitting app and online support from the manufacturer.

### How long do Costco hearing aids last?

Costco hearing aids typically last 3 to 7 years. This is similar to other hearing aids and heavily depends on the model, maintenance, cleaning, and usage habits. Most Costco hearing aids come with a 3-year warranty that includes loss and damage protection (one-time replacement with no deductible). In many cases, as long as the hearing aids are not too old, you can also have your Costco provider refurbish the hearing aids, essentially replacing the rechargeable batteries, receivers, and other needed items, giving you several more years of service life.

### Does Costco take insurance for hearing aids?

No, Costco does not accept insurance for hearing aids. This policy applies across all Costco Hearing Aid Centres, including those in Canada. If your insurance plan provides coverage for hearing aids, you would need to pay the full amount upfront at Costco and then submit the receipt to your insurance provider for potential reimbursement.

While Costco doesn't accept insurance, the company does accept Health Savings Account (HSA) and Flexible Spending Account (FSA) debit cards for eligible purchases. According to Costco's official customer service information, FSA/HSA Visa or MasterCard debit cards are accepted at the Pharmacy, Optical, and Hearing Aid Departments in U.S. Costco warehouse locations.

### How much do Costco hearing aids cost in Canada?

- Rexton Reach: starting at CAD 2,099.99 per pair
- Philips HearLink: starting at CAD 2,199.99 per pair
- ReSound: starting at CAD 2,199.99 per pair
- Jabra: starting at CAD 2,199.99 per pair
- Custom aids: starting at CAD 2,399.99 per pair
- Apple AirPods Pro 3: CAD 316.99 (online only)

### Can I use my Costco card in Canada?

Yes, you can use your US membership card at Costco in Canada. However, note that you'll need to pay with a Mastercard credit card, as Canadian Costco stores do not accept Visa cards.

## What do Costco's customers say?

At the HearingTracker Hearing Aid Forum, an online community for new and experienced users of hearing aids, there are literally hundreds of posts on the Costco experience. For example, in February 2023, members of our HearingTracker Forum community were among the first to report that the new Philips HearLink 9040 hearing aids will soon be available in Costco hearing centers.

Consumer Reports rates Costco as the second-best among 16 other distributors and retailers for obtaining a hearing aid, giving it a satisfaction score of 90—ranking it just below the Veterans Administration (which, with a score of 95, has the advantage of dispensing free hearing aids to qualified veterans).

No matter what kinds of hearing aids you are considering, it's worth spending time on our Forum. You will get up close and personal with hundreds of other hearing aid users' experiences, both pro and con. And if you have thoughts to add, it's easy to sign up and start contributing your own comments to the community.

Hearing healthcare is extremely important and has been linked to cognitive and physical health, economic status, social engagement and depression, and more. The FDA classifies hearing aids as medical devices for a reason. Justifiably, some people may feel uncomfortable treating a serious healthcare issue in the same place where they buy their toilet paper and groceries.

As with much of healthcare, the quality of your care will depend on the provider's skill, their adherence to best practices, and the time they have to attend to your needs. So, "Is Costco a good place to buy hearing aids?" Audiologist Sheri Gostomelsky, AuD, writes:

"It is important to understand that a hearing aid is only part of the solution in treating a hearing loss. Most studies show that the care you receive has a significant impact on your success. Where you choose to do business should be your choice. Are you comfortable with Costco? Does the provider know what is important to you? Will the provider be there for you when you need help? Does the provider use best practices and make evidence-based decisions? Are your hearing needs needs being met? Remember that any device is only as good as the professional that handles it.”

## Competition from low-cost OTC hearing aids

The Costco hearing aid juggernaut doesn't show signs of slowing down any time soon. HearingTracker estimates Costco accounts for about 16% of all units sold in the U.S. retail market during 2024.

But competition from affordable over-the-counter (OTC) hearing aids is coming. When the FDA approved the online sale of low-cost OTC hearing aids in 2022, it paved the way for dozens of new companies marketing high-quality non-prescription hearing aids at prices even lower than Costco's. "Self-fitting" OTC hearing aids allow you to program them to fit your own hearing loss. By cutting out programming assistance from hearing professionals, they can charge substantially lower prices than Costco or private audiologist practices.

The Lexie B2 hearing aids that Costco is now stocking were among the first OTC hearing aids to hit the market in early 2023 and were followed soon after by the B2 Plus. It's too early to know if the lower-priced Lexie hearing aids—or the many additional OTC hearing aids available through other channels like Amazon, Walmart, and Best Buy—will impact sales of the prescription hearing aids sold in Costco hearing centers.

If you're considering Costco as a way to pay less for a pair of quality hearing aids, be sure to continue checking back in at HearingTracker. You will find updates and comparisons on how the new OTC hearing aids may compete on price and performance with Costco's and other providers' prescription hearing aids.

## Competition from Sam's Club

Sam's Club hearing aids are provided through Lucid Hearing Centers in an estimated 450 Sam's Club stores throughout the United States. These centers are staffed by licensed hearing care professionals employed by Lucid Hearing who will custom-fit prescription hearing aids for about $1,300 to $5,000.

Overall, you may be able to get hearing aids at Sam's Club for about the same or even less than Costco, but this comes with some tradeoffs. Their selection is restricted to one company (Lucid) and—although Lucid generally makes good-quality devices—they may not have all the bells and whistles found in the global hearing aid brands (e.g., AI, motion sensors, a range of rechargeability and accessories options, etc). Additionally, Sam's Club hearing aids, unlike Costco's, are locked, meaning you cannot get them reprogrammed or serviced by a hearing care professional outside of the Sam's Club or Lucid Hearing Centers network.

We think Sam's Club is a good option if don’t know whether to choose OTC or prescription hearing aids. Lucid makes a good selection of OTC hearing aids, like Engage, priced between $200 to $800. Sam's provides the added option of allowing you to get professional programming of these devices for $198—essentially transforming them into prescription hearing aids. Additionally, if you wish to return your OTC hearing aids within the trial period, you can choose to upgrade to prescription hearing aids instead.

## Kirkland Signature 10.0 (KS10) - What happened to the popular Costco house brand?

HearingTracker reported on October 5, 2022 that Costco hit the pause button on sales of the KS10 hearing aid, making this model unavailable. The KS10, which was made by the world's largest hearing aid manufacturer Sonova (parent company of Phonak), appeared to have experienced an increase in problems related to recharging, although people close to the situation contend the incidence of these problems did not rise substantially above industry norms for lithium-ion rechargeable hearing aids.

Then, on November 21, 2022, HearingTracker broke the news that Sonova had decided to discontinue sales of all products to Costco, citing “the decision to focus the distribution of our Phonak brand with strategic channels and eliminate our offering in certain large retail chains.”

Sonova later stated that it would be reserving the Phonak brand for certain strategic channels and eliminating offers “in certain large retail chains.” But, fear not: if you've been fitted with the KS10 or Brio products, you will still be able to receive all services and support associated with hearing aids from Costco hearing care professionals.

HearingTracker Audiologist breaks the news about Sonova discontinuing its distribution of Phonak products to Costco. Closed captions are available on this video. If you are using a mobile phone, please enable captions clicking on the gear icon.

As noted above, Costco is easing the Sennheiser Sonite R hearing aid, made by Sonova, into its product line. There were some rumors that they would replace the Rexton line, but we think that's unlikely since Rexton was the first-ever hearing aid brand offered by the retailer and occupies an important niche in its offerings. This means, when considering the'Big 5' global hearing aid manufacturers, only Starkey does not supply products to Costco.

Will a new Kirkland Signature hearing aid brand (KS11) be rekindled? Your guess on this is as good as ours, as well as who would make it. In the meantime, Costco offers 3-4 exceptional product lines from which to choose, each with nearly unbeatable prices.

Share this post

Why trust us?

295+Hours of audio recordings

95Hearing aid models tested

5Industry leading audiologists

12Years independently owned & operated

2026 Guide Includes:3 models benchmarked in our lab + 3 other reviewed products.

{"generatedAt":"2026-05-14 08:30:59.808","title":"no title"}

Independent. Unbiased.

Product reviews.

Hearing Aids

Top Brands

Resources

About

- About the Team
- How We Review
- Contributors
- Contact Us

Subscribe for the latest news and reviews from us

Independent hearing aid reviews & ratings

Latest industry news & expert insights

Free. No spam. Unsubscribe anytime.

Subscribe

By subscribing you agree with our Privacy Policy.

- Terms and Conditions
- Privacy Policy
- Sign Out